<!-- Shown as the help to the table name when a customer chooses the type enrichment -->

## What is Dimension Table in Narrator?

Using the Activity Schema all the data can be joined using customer + time, but what happens when you want to us a standard Star Schema in addition.   You will create a Dimensional table with the `id` column that will be used to join the data.  If you want to update the transformation incrementally, add a `ts` column.

<br>

*Note: You can use any table in your warehouse as a Dimensional table via the Activity*

------

# FAQ


**What should I name it?**

By default we will call your table is an autogenerated name.  I highly recommend you make it more explanatory:

- product_dim
- page_dim



<br>


**How do I use the columns from Dimension Table in Narrator?**

Dimensional Table columns behave just like features so you just add them in dataset in the same way you add any column.

In the background Narrator, will join the dim_table table when the column is used.


<br>


**When should I make a Dimensional Table?**

When you have features that you want to use across multiple activities but are not related directly to that activity.


For example, Lets say you have a `viewed_product` and `purchased_product` activities and you want to add a `product_id` that will join to a "product_table".  This "product_table" table is often known as `product_dim` and can be joined to the activities using that `product_id`.  

<br>

For a **bad** example, If you have `started_session` and you want all the UTMs added, then you should just make them features instead of requiring another JOIN.

<br>

**How to I tell Narrator to join to what Activity?**

Once the table is built, it will appear in the Activity Page that you can use to "Add a Dimension".

<br>
